so that we've always asks me about my
tips tricks cheers how I get my good
looks and my new cut to the whole thing
so today I am like over the shoes that I
have their office lutely often so let me
show you what I am a girl actually
comment on how big my shares were so I
today just for you young lady I'm gonna
get these years you kind of hurt my
feelings but it's okay I need a tissue
all right this is the sheer lady she
look you don't forget everybody's names
and played on Sonya this is erotica she
has she's blow dryers everything and she
hooks us all up and she comes by and she
reminds us that we do new shoes are so
we're thinking about thinners and I
think that this is a very nice ones that
occur plate on it share our Kyoto the
Kyoto people and it's for which she goe
which is 11 to work and I want to clean
up or finish work that's perfect for
that why I'm recommending something
smaller than this is because number one
you cut a lot of stuff short hair you
need something a little shorter for you
to work so you're not talking
and you can really cut in closer when
you're cutting now cuz you're cutting
back far yeah honey with something
shorter you can really get in and get in
there and do the details of heart which
means we're really amazing her Mansour
you yet sure your baggage detail
essential moisture I can cut your hair
with paper cuts so this can make your
life a little teaser look at the
difference that's use what is this like
a seven this is a seven but the way you
do is you go from here to here see oh
wow because you're going to go from the
pivot area which is right here here and
also if you see this is angled angle on
it's different so your hand is open but
this right here you're cutting a little
bit closer which you have a small hand
so this is a little bit of a large
handle you got to think of it like I'm
shoot yeah well be honestly I'm cutting
like like like far you're right are
having a cut and I don't have any
control right and so it's more like
you're my shoes cuz I know your shoe
girl yeah when that did I I'm not so
cute don't like they're gonna fit your
hands in your palms so you look at how
you pawn something to do that okay you
for doing your hand we can
like I can cut it would be like assuming
like this yeah see how it feels like it
fits so you had to call me try it out
and how it fits in your hand feel
there's nothing your don't know
this is like 30 pounds of
considering that home to miss you don't
if you didn't sit doing up shoes office
did hairdressers are gonna shake so
fantastic that for dealers shears Curtis
results together monitor shoes ok and
your eyes adjourn to ok ok ok you hear
that guys you got to get a pair of
shears to fit right into the palm of
your hand and what's the other two I
know like it it's like
okay cool you got that you guys come
look oh so you make sure that we listen
it was a big tip okay because a lot of
people don't know how to find the
perfect sheet spread for hands and for
just what they specialize in it
especially if she observe I did a lot of
shortcuts and leaves and a lot of
everything so a smaller scissor give me
a lot more control ending down and it
fits right into my little hand okay this
sure is a great shear is gonna be the
length of it too right it's going to be
the same thing yeah don't you even
compares it feels great it's a bit this
year yeah but that's more like Obama box
it's really not a detailed adding
shadows once your yes I hope I made up
our detail sure so I tend to like I
don't know
so you guys yeah cheers in a bad way
keeping up nothing that should push your
king settings okay because I means
you're busy family but I set everything
with one sheer is that the way this food
oh no 23 here now we need a few
different barriers get a bit thinner
you're offended or real formal
internships ok so I'm going to get me a
better I guess what you guys the good
thing about Veronica is she does a
payment plan you guys right now we're on
a budget and we need payment plans I
mean a good pair of shoes cost like four
inch above but of course these are only
175 and this is great for shortcuts when
you want to text your eyes nose those
white boys they get those little cute
texturize cuts a bit thin and share so
you cut the hair with the smaller and
tensions see I dropped it here we go
and guess what else she actually
sharpens this year too she helps you
maintain your shoes okay so that's the
key key number one you guys a good shear
fits into phone in your hand you want to
smaller with the detail you want a good
good good thinning shear not the ones
you're giving a beauty supply store
Sally's 412 up can use those if I try
they don't want that and you want a
larger share for the bob cut yep and you
can use these for extensions because you
know the weave hair kind of messes up
your shears and you get your raise for
weeks all those choppy haircut that
y'all be out there doing that's nothing
look so cheers and this year 101 myself
ever Annika piece get it girls